Update custom-aliases: usage methods, File formatting, and version numbers (#4119)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/custom-aliases.md

</VersionBlock>

> ### Dispatch - Managing aliasing across SQL dialects, data platforms, and dbt packages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Dispatch macro - SQL alias management for databases and dbt packages
```
